Keyboard shortcuts
Map data ©2026 Google, INEGI
Terms
Airports|
Operators|
Brokers|
Aircraft Type|
Subscribe|
Trip Builder|
Empty Legs
AIR NEW ENGLAND LLC
62 DURHAM RD
PORTMOUTH, NH, United States
Tel: 603-351-5151
Email: Show Email
http://www.airnewengland.com
2011
Established
4
Fleet Count
3
Dedicated Pilots

Operating like carriers much larger in size, Air New England, upon its inception, has pledged to be the Northeast operator that others can only hope to emulate. Our commitment to safety and the integrity of the flight experience is second to none. With a fleet of twin-engine Beech Barons and a turboprop King Air, Air New England typically flies throughout the northeast, Eastern Canada and the mid-Atlantic region. However, our customers' excursions have had us venturing to the Midwest and deep South on occasion.

Committed to quality control second to none, our maintenance program remains largely in-house allowing our seasoned mechanics to instantaneously address concerns before they become problems. Pre and post-flight inspections are the norm and what little mechanical outsourcing we do is through a single trusted partner well known as the industry leader in solving complex maintenance issues while committed to the same integrity standards that Air New England is accustomed to.

Over the course of our existence, Air New England, has voluntarily subjected ourselves to a third-party safety vendor who audits our policies and procedures from an operational, training and mechanical standpoint. This is typically unheard of for a company of our size.

Air New England’s commitment to our customers is unwavering from an operational, mechanical and experience standpoint. We are constantly sourcing additional aircraft to add to our fleet that may best fit our customers' needs. Our staff also sources aircraft through our sister company, Symphony Private Jets, if the situation warrants it. This allows us to provide the best, most suitable, cost-effective aircraft for the mission. Rest assured, there is no one better to partner with than Air New England for your air travel needs.

*Owner Approval (OA) required for the Mustang.

Select aircraft below to send request(s)
Select
Aircraft Type 
Base 
Category 
Seats 
Safety
Photo
Est. Price P/H 
BE-58 (BARON)
KPSM - PORTSMOUTH, NH United States
Piston-Multi
5
ARGUS
$900
BE-C90 (KING AIR)
KPSM - PORTSMOUTH, NH United States
TurboProp
6
ARGUS
$1800
BE-C90A (KING AIR C90)
KPSM - PORTSMOUTH, NH United States
TurboProp
6
ARGUS
$2100
CE-510 (MUSTANG)
KPSM - PORTSMOUTH, NH United States
Very Light Jet
4
ARGUS
$2800
Aviation Week Network
ACUKWIK.COM
AIRCRAFTBLUEBOOK.COM
AIRPORTDATA.COM
Connect with us: 
Copyright © 2026. All rights reserved. Informa Markets, a trading division of Informa PLC.
Accessibility | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Terms of Use
Powered by Tuvoli